### Student Visa
Colleges, universities, and vocational schools in the United States welcome large numbers of foreign students each year to study at their respective campuses. If you are a foreign national who has been accepted to study in the United States, you will need a Student visa (F-1), an Exchange visa (J-1), or (M-1) Vocational Visa in order to be permitted to enter the United States. Each education program has to be approved through the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Student and Exchange Visitor Program (SEVP). Determining which visa depends on the academic institution, the program, and where you are currently residing.

Each consulate and embassy has its own rules and regulations when applying for a student visa, and the requirements may vary depending on whether you apply while abroad or from within the United States. Generally once you have been accepted to an academic institution, you will need to apply for a student visa at the U.S. Consulate in your home country. If you are enrolling in an educational program with a course schedule less than eighteen hours a week, you will only need a visitor visa. If your program requires more than eighteen hours a week, you will need a mandatory student visa to stay within the country. 

Navigating the visa requirements can be incredibly tricky. Our committment is to ensure you have the opportunity to obtain higher education in the United States and our law firm offers professional immigration services to help you through this process.